What? What did you say?
Your army of Yan has been wiped out
You are talking nonsense.
How could my Honno ace Jin Rui be wiped out?
Is it really a curse?
What a curse
Why is my Nanman samurai okay?
It's my Dongyi barbarian
Even the sky can't do anything to them
The Nanman samurai also encountered thunder
What, you Dongyi barbarians also encountered Skyfire?
There's only one left
Impossible Impossible
What a shit
I don't believe it at all
You forced me
I changed my mind.
What do you want?
I don't want the Northern Zhou Dynasty.
I want you public soldiers
You're all going to die.
Yes, they all have to die
He did it.
Hurt you
As long as you kill him
I can cut more land and compensate you. No
You continents are going to die
I want to send millions of heroes across the continent
Travel across continents